I was born in Malawi in 1962.
I lost my eyesight at two years of age
because of an eye disease.
We have to rely on the rains
for the food we eat and sell,
as it is our only source of income.
I also look after both my parents.
My father is 99 years old,
and my mother is 92 years old.
Poverty is very time-consuming.
There are a lot of household chores to do
to keep things clean and neat,
like fetching water for our daily needs.
In the evening, after we have eaten,
this is the time for reading.
When I was young,
Father took the lead in our family worship,
which he still does.
But now because of his failing eyesight,
I read to them.
I read with my fingers,
so nighttime is no problem.
My fingers are my eyes.
One scripture that really touches my heart
is James 5:11, which says:
“Look!
“We consider happy
those who have endured.”
Job endured his trials,
and at the end,
he saw all the good that Jehovah
had blessed him with.
This convinces me
that Jehovah will act in the near future,
blessing us with all the things
that we are lacking,
fulfilling all his promises.
And so I’m happy to endure.
God’s Kingdom and his sovereignty
are first in my life.
It is only God’s Kingdom that will solve
all these problems.
I feel privileged that I’ve been able
to serve as a regular pioneer
for 36 years now and have been blessed
to help 64 persons to know Jehovah.
I’m so happy with song 76.
I don’t see myself as poor.
I have the Bible and many
different publications in Chichewa Braille.
We have the congregation, the ministry,
and our brothers and sisters.
All these things make me very happy!
We are not worried
about our current situation
because we are spiritually rich.